so we're about to do the shirt challenge
hmm the point of the challenge is to put
on as many shirts as possible whoever
puts on more shirts wins a prize
so I'm starting right
two three they're already getting pretty
tight for where's this six right six one
oh it's only five it's getting kind of
hot in here six why don't I get
long-sleeve shirts I'm sorry I've never
done this before
oh how much experience nice
wait do I look fat now I know I feel it
tearing 911 shopping spree what was am
11 or 12 I am stupid oh my god
oh this shirts too tight it was like a
really tight shirt this isn't gonna work
I got the 14
three
so shooting
six seven he needs so if they're like
sorry to like squeeze me tighter
you're wearing a snake or something sod
you nine
you're so cheating with all those tank
tops I have I had one Monday
I forgot knows that eight five
I don't even know I think 12 I got to
yeah I got the 14 no no no it was
campaign I got 14 you're at like 3 let's
see 13 yeah this is my 13th
go officially tied me sharks
oh sorry it's hair okay
huh huh that's all folks
you win now you got to take these on
them all off the fastest I got well I
win but he wouldn't take you to my
faster